JUDY WOODRUFF: And in the day's
other news: The Supreme Court
also announced that it will
decide a case pitting gay
rights against religion.
At issue is whether
a Denver baker acted
legally when he refused
to sell a same-sex couple
a wedding cake.
He cited his religious beliefs.
In another case, the
justices ruled 7-2 that a
church-run school in Missouri
may seek taxpayer-funded
grants for a new playground.
President Trump has again
accused former President
Obama of failing to stop
Russian interference
in the 2016 election.
On Twitter today, he charged:
"The reason that President
Obama did nothing is that he
expected Hillary
Clinton would win.
He didn't choke.
He colluded or obstructed."
Mr. Trump insisted
investigators have no
evidence that his campaign
aides colluded with Russia.
British Prime Minister Theresa
May struck a deal with a
Northern Ireland party today
to bolster her
minority government.
May's Conservatives
lost their majority in
this month's election.
Now they have agreed to provide
some $1.3 billion in extra
funding to Northern Ireland.
That's in return for the
Democratic Unionist Party's
10 votes in Parliament.
British officials now say that
75 high-rise buildings tested
for fire safety, have failed.
The testing began after
London's Grenfell Tower fire.
The siding on that building
may have fueled the blaze.
The other buildings tested so
far are all over the country.
It is not clear how long it
will take to fix the problem.
In China: Nobel peace laureate
Liu Xiaobo has been released
from prison to a hospital
after being diagnosed with
late-stage liver cancer.
Liu has been a leading
dissident for decades.
In 2009, he was sentenced
to 11 years on a charge
of inciting subversion.
But his lawyer says that
today's release means little.
MO SHAOPING, Attorney for Liu
Xiaobo (through translator):
In principle, he will not be
allowed to see guests, or
visitors, because of the
special nature of his case.
Under medical parole, a
person is still serving a
term while being treated
in a medical facility,
even if it's outside of prison.
Liu Xiaobo's case is special.
I don't think the authorities
will allow him to have visitors.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Liu won the
Nobel Peace Prize in 2010 for
his efforts demanding greater
political freedoms and an end
to one-party rule in China.
Back in this country, the
family of Philando Castile has
reached a $3 million settlement
over his fatal shooting by
a Minnesota police officer.
Castile, a black man, was killed
during a traffic stop last year.
The officer was acquitted
this month of manslaughter
before being fired by
the city of St. Anthony.
Takata Corporation has filed
for bankruptcy protection over
faulty air bag inflators linked
to at least 16 deaths worldwide.
The company faces tens
of billions of dollars
in costs and liabilities
stemming from recalls
and lawsuits.
The filings today in the U.S.
and Japan clear the way for a
rival company to take over most
of Takata's assets.
On Wall Street today, the Dow
Jones industrial average gained
14 points to close at 21409.
The Nasdaq fell 18, and the
S&P 500 added a fraction.